---
title: "#51 - Pathfinder"
date: 2023-03-23T20:45:00+02:00
categories: event
---

## Truck planning: how to certify the right route

### Davide Bonetta - Digital Innovation Officer @ [GRUBER Logistics](//www.gruber-logistics.com)

Someone says "all roads lead to Rome", but for GRUBER Logistics there is only one right route to bring our customer's goods from the loading to the unloading place. Having a predefined route, without leaving the driver to follow any route suggested by their device, is the basis to guarantee correct planning, on-time delivery, and cost control. We will present the solution developed inside our GRUBER Beyond platform, to certify the route a driver has to follow: the talk will focus both on the user experience and on the architecture applied to implement the new feature on top of our legacy TMS.

<iframe src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/qTOhn9hRHz1joS" width="100%" height="485" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen> </iframe>

## Break it up! 5G, cruise control, autonomous vehicle cooperation, and bending the rules

### Paolo Casari - Associate Professor @ [University of Trento](//disi.unitn.it/)

Controlling groups of autonomous vehicles from a wireless network requires low delays, high reliability, and computing power close-by. Even though 5G cellular networks will provide these ingredients, high delays or connectivity interruptions may still lead to catastrophic consequences. We will present a novel solution to tackle these issues, based on a balanced mix of network, computing, and vehicle autonomy management. We will then discuss how to break it up, so that autonomous vehicles can bend traffic laws in case of emergency.

<iframe src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/Ef9f99YBGb8KEO" width="100%" height="485" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen> </iframe>

## Weren't you there?

### or maybe you just want to relive this wonderful night

<section class="fb-links">

#### Check the video!

<iframe width="100%" height="480px" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ZBnLWZCSitY" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#### and take a look at the <a id="fb_photo_album" class="btn-facebook" target="_blank" href="//bit.ly/ST51-p">pictures &#128247;</a>

</section>
