---
title: "#49 - The cyber menace"
date: 2023-01-17T20:45:00+02:00
categories: event
---

## Log Stealers - Shopping time for Threat Actors!

### Francesco Pavanello & Mirko Ioris - Technical Consultants @ [Würth Phoenix ](//www.wuerth-phoenix.com){:target="\_blank"}

Log stealers are a type of malware that steals user credentials from a compromised computer. Criminals deliver stealers through a cracked version of software, causing the user to install them without even realizing it. They can recover usernames and passwords saved in browsers, as well as personal data, cookies, and system information. Logs stolen in this way are then offered for sale in various deep and dark web marketplaces. With our OSINT and CTI platform SATAYO, we monitor any evidence related to our customers to protect and safeguard their business perimeter.

<iframe src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/aLJqHJRncQA3pp" width="100%" height="485" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen> </iframe>

## Breaking the Laws of Robotics: Attacking Industrial Robots

### Stefano Zanero - Full Professor @ [Politecnico di Milano](//www.polimi.it){:target="\_blank"}

Industrial robots are complex cyber-physical systems used for manufacturing, and a critical component of any modern factory. These robots aren't just electromechanical devices but include complex embedded controllers, which are often interconnected with other computers in the factory network, safety systems, and to the Internet for remote monitoring and maintenance. In this scenario, industrial routers also play a key role, because they directly expose the robot's controller. Therefore, the impact of a single, simple vulnerability can grant attackers an easy entry point. The talk will discuss how remote attackers are able to attack such robots up to the point where they can alter the manufactured product, physically damage the robot, steal industry secrets, or injure humans.

<iframe src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/6EbPjzPGochUaZ" width="100%" height="485" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen> </iframe>

## Weren't you there?

### or maybe you just want to relive this wonderful night

<section class="fb-links">

#### Check the video!

<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-zoJ5Bz2WzU" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#### and take a look at the <a id="fb_photo_album" class="btn-facebook" target="_blank" href="//bit.ly/ST49-p">pictures &#128247;</a>

</section>
