---
title: "#55 - Boost my browser"
date: 2023-07-17T20:45:00+02:00
categories: event
---

## Choosing Clojurescript: Why we chose it as our main language for Pitch.com

### Jelle Akkerman - Developer & Designer @ [Pitch](//pitch.com/){:target="\_blank"}

At Pitch, we made an unconventional choice by picking ClojureScript, a functional programming language that compiles to JavaScript, as our primary language. In this talk, I will explore the reasons behind this decision, delve into the key features of ClojureScript, and share real-life experiences of using it in a large-scale codebase. Whether you're new to the language or curious about its benefits, this presentation will shed light on the advantages of ClojureScript, its impact at Pitch, and how the insights gained can inspire developers across various programming languages.

<iframe src="//pitch.com/embed/c6c9a989-b976-4d5a-aabe-e9ac3dac5339" width="100%" height="485" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen> </iframe>

## Give your Web App superpowers by using GPUs

### Giulio Zausa - Technical Lead @ [Flux](//www.flux.ai/){:target="\_blank"}

GPUs are cool! You can use them to play games, create entire movies and even run machine learning models. By using some native libraries it's possible to embrace their powers, using programming languages such as Python or C++. How does this work, though, in a world where everything is a web page? New exciting technologies, such as WebGL and WebGPU, are giving programmers the full power of the underlying hardware. We will see how to build applications that use GPU superpowers to offer things that were previously impossible, such as rendering giant scenes or running ChatGPT locally in the browser, using some real-world production examples.

<iframe src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/FDsQA8NBIkXAr6" width="100%" height="485" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen> </iframe>

## Weren't you there?

### or maybe you just want to relive this wonderful night

<section class="fb-links">

#### Check the video!

<iframe width="100%" height="480px" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aJjcl5EfkVs" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

</section>
